# Creative-Writing-Assignment-2

Love
Hate
Discombobulated

In a land far to the West, and an age long obscured by the sands of time, there lived a beautiful girl. This girl was plagued by visions of cataclysmic events, great storms of fire in the sky, rolling masses of swollen clouds, thunder and lightning rocking the land in heavy booms. Now, she was a beautiful girl, but ultimately she drove away any potential suitors with her constant daze- that is, all except for 4 young men. A group of friends, travelling the world together, who stumbled in onto the town. When they met the girl at the gates to the town, she hollered at them, crying and yelling about the coming apocalypse... While most would be scared off by this display, these young men were well-traveled, and far from weak of heart. The first had a silver tongue and a golden brain, and he tried to convince the girl of how her argument was flawed. Over and over, he tried to convince her of the flaws in her logic to no avail. Eventually, he gave up, allowing the next young man to try and quell the girl's fears. This man was the most strapping of the bunch, a capable young protector who vowed to protect the girl from ay harm that could come her way. He promised to shield her body from the falling lightning and fire that would rain from the skies, commanding the Gods themselves to halt their tantrum. She once again, refused to relent. This left the third young man, a wealthy prince from another land, to try and persuade the girl. He offered all the best protection and luxuries that money could buy, a shelter that would keep them safe even from the end of days, stocked to the brim with enough food and water and entertainment to last them a lifetime: their very own arc. But even this offer, as tantalizing as it was, failed to fool the girl into trusting the young men. Up to this point, no one had believed her in all her time of telling her story. Even the young men who put on an air of honesty as they coaxed the girl with their comforting words, even they had believed the girl to be mentally ill. This left only the youngest member of the group, a weak, stupid man whose fervent heart led him astray countless times before. He was naive, and lacked wisdom, taking every word from the girl's lips as absolute truth; he panicked as she told her tale, unable to be quelled even by his own companions. Holding his head in his hands, he rocked himself back and forth, racking his brain for answers to the coming storm. The girl, in all her beauty and all her desperation, slept with the only man to provide any sense of comfort in her life. The young couple stayed together until their dying days, as the girl gradually began to cry less and less about the end of the world. Who do you think she chose?
